Step 1

Ask any adult you know if they will grant you a short interview (30 minutes or less) and schedule a time to do this, either in person, or by phone / video chat, as soon as possible.

Schedule the interview before the first deadline of the project so you can finish the project in time.
Step 2

When it is time for the interview, If at all possible, record audio of the interview (with your interviewee’s permission, of course). Otherwise, take notes by hand and immediately after the interview type what you can remember.
Step 3

Speak each question aloud to your interviewee. Feel free to slightly modify the language to make it sound like you, but please make sure you ask all of these questions.

    Thank you for sharing your time with me today. This should take 30 minutes or less of your time. I’m learning more about success and failure and am hoping you’d be willing to share honestly with me about your own experiences with each. I will not be sharing your full name nor specific story with others, and it would help me if you could be as honest as possible.

    Can you share a brief story about a time you were successful in your life? Usually the first story that pops to mind is the best one. How did you feel when you succeeded? What do you think helped you achieve this success?

    Thank you. Can you describe a time in your life where you failed at something that was important to you? Usually the first story that pops to mind is the best one. How did you feel when you failed? What do you think contributed to this failure?

    What did you learn from your success? (Ask for elaboration if needed)

    What did you learn from your failure? (Ask for elaboration if needed)

    Thank you again for sharing your stories with me. Is there anything you would like me to know?

    This concludes our interview. Thank you again for your time and sharing. I appreciate it very much.

Step 4

As soon as possible after completing the interview, either listen to the audio recording or read your notes from the interview. From this, write up answers to the following– this is what you will submit:

A. Interviewee’s name

B. Time and place of interview

C. List several statements made by each interviewee. Indicate next to each statement if it is an example of growth mindset or fixed mindset. List each statement and label it either “growth mindset” or “fixed mindset”.

D. Did you interviewee’s stories involve grit (or lack of grit)? Explain.

E. What surprised you about conducting this interview? What did you learn?

Please save your write-up as a google doc and ensuring you give view access.
Step 5

Submit a link to your Google document on the write up below.

The assignment is NOT complete until you have uploaded your write-up.

Important:

    Don’t forget to click the red Save button on the right to save your Google document URL
    Please make sure you have set the permissions of your Google document to “Anyone with the link” before you share it with your peers.

